The sergeant continuing I'm going to do more
a rosebud is going to stay this way
You take a piece of nylon thread.
places on any side of the earth
placed this side there I will put
left missang movie a pearl beniz a
wandering or starting at the cross field crosses
with the pearl
again left the film sanga
pearl names now starting at the end
right crosses with stone
usually the sanga month on the pearl is
know or start at the end of the law
crossed with his leg
when so it puts the month was a thread
right goes through all the
roads
but when I have another serious name who
put in go pearl and place
nissan each side
and finished empire cross will stay
so people you go three new wines
hide a knot I 'm going to save to pay
this part here now the part that I did
this parsley and will teach you
as it is placed right strasse getting
so you want to put more is to
I only did three
stayed so I hope you enjoy in the field already
the terminal was to make another video and
teach you think